=pod

=head1 NAME

Scherm - terminal screen and keyboard handling

=head1 SYNOPSIS

	use Scherm;

	my $t=Scherm->new;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

TODO

=head2 Screen handling

TODO

=head2 Keyboard handling

TODO

=head1 METHODS

=over

=item Scherm->new

Constructor. Creates new Scherm object.

=item I<$self>->refresh

Flushes output buffer.

=item I<$self>->clearScreen

Clears screen.

=item I<$self>->getScreenSize

Returns an array with screen dimensions. The first element is screen height and
the second is screen width, measured in character cells.

First procedure tries to obtain dimensions via TIOCGWINSZ ioctl call. If this
fails, it tries C<LINES> and C<COLUMNS> environment variables. As last resort,
it tries C<lines> and C<cols> terminal capabilities.

=back

=head2 Cursor movement and location

=over

=item I<$self>->moveCursor(I<$row>, I<$column>)

Moves cursor to given position on the screen, row number equals to I<$row>,
column number equals to I<$column>. Upper left corner of the screen has
coordinates (0, 0).

=item I<$self>->homeCursor

Moves cursor to home location.

=item I<$self>->shiftCursor(I<$direction>, I<$n>)

Moves cursor at given direction I<$direction> for I<$n> times. the following
constants may be used for I<$direction>: DIR_RIGHT, DIR_UP, DIR_LEFT, DIR_DOWN.

=item I<$self>->locateCursor

Returns current cursor location as array of coordinates.

=back

=head2 Cursor visibility

=over

=item I<$self>->setCursor(I<$visibility>)

Changes cursor visibility to I<$visibility>. The following constants may be
used for visibility: CURSOR_INVISIBLE, CURSOR_NORMAL, CURSOR_VERY_VISIBLE.

=back

=head2 Screen output

=over

=item I<$self>->writeString(I<$string>)

Outputs string I<$string> at current cursor position. Cursor moves to position
after string being outputted.

=back

=head1 EXPORT

None by default.

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

=over

=item TERM

Terminal name.

=item TERMINFO

Terminfo database location.

=item LINES

Screen height.

=item COLUMNS

Screen width.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<term(5)>, L<terminfo(5)>, L<Scherm::Terminfo(3pm)>,
L<Scherm::Constants(3pm)>, L<Scherm::IO(3pm)>, L<Scherm::KeyMap(3pm)>.

=head1 AUTHOR

A. N. Shvetz, E<lt>tz@sectorb.msk.ruE<gt>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2013 by A. N. Shvetz

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.16.2 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

=cut
